Write recipe to compare user and default config - #3065 (#3114)
detekt/detekt: docs/_posts/2020-09-27-additional-diff-config-task.md

---
title:  "Recipe: diff your detekt config with the default one"
published: true
permalink: howto-diff-config.html
summary: "This guide shows how to create an additional Gradle task which generates the default detekt config."
tags: [guides]
---

detekt's `./gradlew detektGenerateConfig` task copies the default configuration file to the location
specified by the `config` property.

```kt
detekt {
  ...
  config = files(...)
  ...
}
```

> When the file on this location already exists, your configuration won't be overwritten, and the task is a noop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this file path already exists, your configuration won't be overwritten, and the task is a noop.
```
